---
header:
  video:
    id: sA87Z21kRLY
    provider: youtube
published: true
title: 'April 29th, 2015'
subtitle: Cash wins one in extra's
---


Going back through Rays history of games, there were really slim pickings to choose from for April 29th. The franchises record on this date is a paultry 6-16, with one of those losses being of the walk-off variety. 

Oh well, they can't all be bangers like yesterday.

## Why this one

### Beating the Yankees

The game that I decided to go with is from 2015 and there are several reasons why. First, we beat the Yankees in extras, on the road no less. **That** is always a good time. 

### Dominant Pitching

The pitching staff had an outstanding performance, lead by the starter Drew Smyly. Smyly went 6 innings and struck out 10 in the process. 

Following him was Steve Geltz. You probably don't remember Geltz, and I don't blame you. While he might not have amounted much in his career, but on this day the pint-sized right-hander was a man on fire. He struck out the side in the 7th and proceeded to strike out two more in the 8th, before being pulled by Cash. This was the best appearance of his career. All-in-all, the Rays pitchers struck out 16 in the 13-inning game.

### Cash's first win in extras

2015 was Kevin Cash's first year as Rays manager. This season is where it all began. So obviously, there were a lot of firsts for him, and this game was the first time he won in extra innings. Nothing too crazy, but I might as well mention it. The team avoided being walked-off and got the win. Interestingly enough, that season, the Rays had 13 walk-off losses, the worst in franchise history. But let's not talk about that. Good vibes only.

### A-Rod sucks

I'm going to be honest here, the real reason I liked this game is because of how useless Alex Rodirguez was this game. He was coming back from a year's suspension for the steroid stuff. And man, I just fucking hate that guy. So seeing him strike out four times makes me happy. Seeing him ground out into the game-ending double play makes me even happier. 

baseball-reference keeps a stat called WPA or Win Probability Added. It's described as 

>Given average teams, this is the change in probability caused by this batter during the game.
    
That game A-Rod had a WPA of -0.446. In other words he reduced his team's chance of winning by **45%!** What. a. scrub.

